	
My name is Elisha Jewell and I’m an Information Scientist. & since I was 15, I have been hands-on in the public and academic library, classroom, and tech world understanding the flow of information; how it’s received, processed, stored and shared.
 

Problem: 
During this time, I learned that the current cycle of publishing requires middle men. People that take money and copyrights from authors in the process and in the end, they locks that valuable information behind a paywalls. The global publishing market is a multibillion dollar market. Where is that money going??! Clearly, not to the authors!!

This is a leading problem in research, as you can see in these headlines. 
 

Solution: 
I imagined a world where people were empowered and had the ability to be informed. Whether it’s for their health, where you live, your job…

That led me to think about this solution. Let’s just give the people what they want. That’s where we come in. 

Lib3 is the solution for researchers to publish their work and get paid to do it, and for the public, people like YOU, to access that information.
SLIDE 

Market Landscape: 
The annual global publishing market is sitting at $14.6 Billion. We drill that down to where the opportunity is in the open access publishing market. 

And that’s $1.95 Billion. In our analysis on that market You can see that the top 5 publishers that collected fees in open access, are contributing $1.1 Billion of those dollars to that market. 

When we evaluated that market with our business model, our SOM equated to $58.5M.  

Lib3 Advantage:
You can clearly see advantage that Lib3 has
Free to publish
The is Cost reduced to acquire publications 
Peer reviewed
Incentive to reviewers/publishers/ reviews 
Backed by tokens, that we call Jewells (we’ll get into that)


Lib3 Model (how is it different?):
Our business model is simple but our approach is revolutionary. We have a three stage strategy.

Stage 1, Researchers sign up for our open access subscription and acquire Jewell tokens for publishing, reviewing, and editing research.
Stage 2, we establish strategic partnerships with universities & publishers. 
Stage 3 Launch loupe, our research verification as a service 
We offer Enterprise subscriptions to reproduce data with the click of a button. 

We maintain the process researchers are familiar with, but how we’re different from the old guard is we incentivise user activity and collaboration. We do this using Jewells.  

Pricing & Market: 
The typical pricing to access a single research paper is $45. We offer a competitive alternative for $30 a paper, which can be purchased on a subscription basis. 

What makes our value proposition unique is the way we make it open access. We incentivise our users through activities. They receive Jewells in the process of peer reviewing, publishing, and uploading datasets 

During this growth time, we compensate with additional revenue streams which includes advertising with partners. 

But our most exciting revenue stream is using a new technology + economics concept. LIB3 runs on blockchain as a legal entity known as a DAO which is only available in five countries worldwide and three US states:  Vermont, Montana, and here in Tennessee.   

Technology Introduction:
This means that with the previous system, instead of having a gatekeeper to publish scientific research, LIB3 decentralizes the process. & We allow authors and scientists to work collaboratively with editors and reviewers and earn value with their work.  
 

Milestones & Use of funds:
This 10k will create a new company & funds will be used finalize and launch our MVP and acquire beta testers. 

We are soft launching at WTBI, with beta testers acquired and testing initiated by Q3 of 2024. By the same quarter, advertising partnerships are established and ready for launch. Moving into Q1 of 2025, our goal is to recruit 5,000 users to achieve a hard launch. Finally, in Q2 of 2025, we'll launch our Loupe verification service. 

Based on our model we expect 1.8M USD per year / annually
Up to 9M USD after 5 years 

Team:
Myself, an expert with over 10 years of experience in the field. 
Alongside community leaders and experts in the fields of data science, library and information sciences, academic publishing, and consulting that will drive Lib3 forward. 
SLIDE 

Outro: 
Information should be accessible. We’re making it so it can be & at the same time empowering researchers to feel that their work matters.
LIB3 is not only changing the system but changing people's lives. 
LIB3.  Create.  Validate. Liberate. 








CTA: Reach out / sign up

What we’re doing is taking this old way of how information is shared, modernizing it and creating an avenue that works for everyone to take research to the next level. 

Unit Economics
Expenses $3K / month
5000 users hard launch




Jewells are sharable tokens accrued by users by 
to acquire published research, digital materials to recreate experiments.
What they do 
These Jewells can be cashed out, used within our marketplace of experiments and papers, or accrued to be used with our research publishing partners.   

Subscription 


we don’t take authors' publishing rights, we don't charge our authors, we pay them and incentivise them to review and contribute to the process.  We have a multi staged business model. 

Launch Jewell tokenomics 
We need contributors. We need a currency for our market to use 
Incentivise the peer reviewers and researchers to participate 



Eventually we plan to build out a service for reproducibility…

Authors publish their research to our platform, free of charge; it's peer reviewed and edited, and  users pay to access that information.

Magic & Tech 
	On the left is how the current academic publishing eco system works. By removing the intermediaries, the publishers, and creating a conglomerate or community of users, we can revolutionize this industry.

Incentivised Pricing
Every submission, review and edit of an article is rewarded with a Jewell, which is a token equivalent to $15 dollars that users can utilize to buy articles. 
My name is Elisha Jewell, I’m an Information Scientist and this is Lib3.
 is our proprietary reproducibility feature. our platform's ability to reproduce research at the click of a button. We know large corps are begging to pay money for this functionality because no one else is doing it. 



Anticipated Questions 

What is your revenue projection in your first year or the first 5 years?

1.8M USD per year / annually
Up to 9M USD after 5 years

How does the economics of LIB3 work? What is the JEWELL token? 

In April 6, 2022 Tennessee legislature passed a law that permits DAOs - decentralized autonomous organizations. 

DAOs are often described as a legal corporate entity built on top of distributed ledger technology, think of it as a group chat with a bank account or vault of assets.  Our vault of assets is the scientific research being published and the digital materials (data, algorithms, visualizations) that can be purchased to recreate the experiment. 

Our incentives are based on tokenomics - we are introducing a token called the JEWELL.

The value of the Jewell is linked to the uploaded papers being reviewed, edited, and published.  In addition, the value of the Jewell is linked to the data used to reproduce experiments.  And finally, the value of the Jewell is directly linked to the subscription revenue stream.  This accrued value of the token can be used to download papers from our publishing partners.   

What is LOUPE, our experiment reproduction technology? How does that work? 

We call our reproduction of experiments: LOUPE.  A loupe is a simple, small magnification device used to see small details more closely.  We want to offer the opportunity for consumers of our subscription service to use Jewell tokens to download digital materials to recreate experiments.  These digital materials 

Later we see a way to recreate physical laboratory experimentation by offering lab rental services such as lab equipment, chemicals, and research assistants.  

What is your hiring and acquiring talent over the next year or up to the first 5 years?

Five (5) persons for the first 6 months

Staff will be needed for -

Partnership (1 person)
Marketing (1 person)
Sales (1 person)
Technology Development (2 persons)

10-15 employees over the next year focusing on technology, partnership, customer service
15-30 over the next five years on technology, customer service, sales, and partnership.

Are you looking for exit or long-term strategy? 



When do you anticipate becoming profitable?



What is our value proposition?






Our incentives and tokenomics is based on a tokenomics - we are introducing a token called a Jewell.  The value of the Jewell is linked to 

Does ads compromise (st
Can you have that much cash going out and replace…democratize access. 
How the tech actually works 
Incentives for earning before I even launch
Incentivise reviewers. 
Recreate: Click ‘Loop’
Revenue 

What is reproducibility? How does that work? 
Incentives 
Tokenomics 
Pattenable IP (Jewell)
	Rewarding people who review, rewarding people who submit)
Does ads compromise (st
Can you have that much cash going out and replace…democratize access. 
How the tech actually works 
Incentives for earning before I even launch
Incentivise reviewers. 
Recreate: Click ‘Loop’
Revenue 
	Tokenized incentives. Jewells. Get 10 jewells to submit. 20 jewells to review or just buy. The more you review, the more you submit you get 10. Currency to buy 

Differentiators: DOA Decentralized Autonomous Organization (blockchain LLC), tax incentives, legal in Tennessee and two other states and 4 countries. 


an open sourced publishing marketplace; a modernized process that aligns with their needs. & let’s give the public, people like you and I access to that research. 

But listen, tech and AI are advancing, fast! You can’t doubt that, cause I know you’ve been using chatgpt! 

And so is research! Yet, the peer review process is still stuck in this old 1900s way! Our goal at Lib3 is to modernize this process and align with today’s market needs.

But, in the Summer of 2023, I had a health scare. Google & WebMD weren’t giving me the answers I needed so I turned to research. But I was unable to read any of the studies about my medical diagnoses because of paywalls! & In those critical moments I had no answers. 


that companies will pay to access and validate that data. We already know there is a gap in the market. Business is beggins for that functionality that just isn't there. No one else is doing it.


Sign up pub, OA to the abstracts, 
But the money that’s being paid, we’re not keeping it to ourselves, we’re giving it back to our authors to let them know what their work matters.

We’re a marketplace for authors to publish their research and we provide open access to the public. 
We cut out the middleman and we empower our authors by giving them what they want. No publishing fees, 

Researchers, universities, general public,  

Our business model is centered around 4 things: empowerment, partnership, advertisement, and incentivised. 

We empower authors to decide how to share their work, offering different payment options for access.
Open Access
Full price 
Pay What You Can

That last one may seem a little crazy but I’ve seen first hand how this model can be used in an effective way. This model invites those of a different socio-economic background in a space where they otherwise would never have the opportunity to step into, while still maintaining sustainability because of those who can pay full price. 

2) We partner with publishers and universities by offering reproduction software on their platform that is subscription based.

3) We have relevant advertisements that don’t impact our integrity that have enough distance to buffer the cost (statistics software, analytical equipment, Microsoft etc.)

Problem & Why Now
1: what the problem is 
In the summer I received a medical diagnosis that changed my life. When I went to seek more information about the why, the what and how about that diagnosis, I was hit with a paywall almost every time.

This inaccessibility to research strips the general public of their power and ability to be informed. Information is not free and there is no system in place to take on (initiate) a new, inclusive and innovative way to access and publish. 

2: news articles (visual aid)
Show that I am not a lone wolf. 
Free publication is out there, it’s not a new idea. How can we adjust that and get people worked up about this problem.
 
who:  “non-prestige driven” researchers & authors publishing research & businesses wanting to verify that research and individuals seeking. 
sharing your research and having an impact in your field, is your goal. 
Publishing is inaccessible and inequitable for authors. 	

Solution
	An open sourced publishing marketplace that offers accessible, equitable, and verified research solves that problem. 

Lib3 helps researchers feel that their work matters. Lib3 empowers authors to share their research to businesses and individuals that want to use real research to make an impact and difference in this world.  

Business Model
Our business model is designed to ensure accessibility while also maintaining sustainability. 

Our platform is free to browse for everyone, which upholds our commitment to accessibility. We empower authors to make their own choice so, when it comes to accessing individual articles, we provide various payment options. 

These can be based on the author's discretion and might include completely free access, a 'pay what you can' option, or a standard full price. This structure allows users from different economic backgrounds to access crucial academic knowledge without barriers.


We leverage the data generated from our unique reproducibility feature to further enhance the platform and provide value-added services. This not only supports our operational costs but also incentivizes authors to publish with us by offering them a share of the revenue.

This business model also includes forming strategic partnerships with publishers and universities. These partnerships are designed to expand our library of available research, enhance the platform's credibility, and provide institutions with a modern avenue for disseminating their researchers' work. Through these collaborative efforts, we aim to create a more open, accessible, and reliable academic environment.

Competition 
Biggest competition and changed behavior is the status quo. 
To do, or not to do. That is the question. 

Need diverse publications to validate the problem
	

Alex
Intro
jump from personal story to 
More impact in 
Clarity in what the problem is 
Memorable things 
Who’s to say the next genius, is out there but they c
an’t 



